New serverless pattern - apigw-lambda-bedrock-nova-terraform (#2700)
aws-samples/serverless-patterns: apigw-lambda-bedrock-nova-terraform/README.md

> # API Gateway Integration with AWS Lambda and Amazon Bedrock Nova Micro (Terraform)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Serverless Generative AI with Amazon Bedrock Nova Micro
```

Author: Updated, please review.

## Overview

> This pattern demonstrates how to create a serverless API that leverages Amazon Bedrock's Nova Micro model through AWS Lambda for generating AI responses. The solution uses API Gateway to create a REST endpoint that processes requests and returns AI-generated responses using Nova Micro's text-to-text capabilities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This pattern demonstrates how to create a serverless API leveraging Amazon Bedrock Nova Micro through AWS Lambda. The solution uses an Amazon API Gateway REST endpoint to process requests and return AI-generated responses using Nova Micro's text-to-text capabilities.
```

Learn more about this pattern at [Serverless Land Patterns](https://serverlessland.com/patterns/apigw-lambda-bedrock-nova-terraform).

Important: this application uses various AWS services and there are costs associated with these services after the Free Tier usage - please see the [AWS Pricing page](https://aws.amazon.com/pricing/) for details. You are responsible for any AWS costs incurred. No warranty is implied in this example.

## Requirements

> * [Create an AWS account](https://portal.aws.amazon.com/gp/aws/developer/registration/index.html) if you do not already have one and log in. The IAM user that you use must have sufficient permissions to make necessary AWS service calls and manage AWS resources.

Reviewer: Add the requirement for access to Nova Micro

Author: Updated please review.

* [AWS CLI](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/install-cliv2.html) installed and configured
* [Git Installed](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Getting-Started-Installing-Git)
* [Terraform](https://learn.hashicorp.com/tutorials/terraform/install-cli?in=terraform/aws-get-started) installed

## Deployment Instructions

1. Clone the project to your local working directory

   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/aws-samples/serverless-patterns/ 
   ```

2. Change the working directory to this pattern's directory

   ```sh
   cd serverless-patterns/apigw-lambda-bedrock-nova-terraform
   ```

> 3. From the command line, run each of the command mentioned in the create_lambda_layer.sh file, this file contains the commands to create the Lambda Layer as well zip the bedrock_integration.py which invokes the Amazon Nova model.

Reviewer: Can you pre-bundle the layers for easy deployment? I would leave the instruction file for future updates.

Author: The only change would be to upload a huge zip file etc. hence trying to avoid it. Unless there is a smarter way to do it which i am not aware of.

Reviewer: Good point on the size, let's leave as-is.

4. From the command line, initialize terraform to  to downloads and installs the providers defined in the configuration:
    ```
    terraform init
    ```

5. From the command line, apply the configuration in the main.tf file:
    ```
    terraform apply
    ```

6. During the prompts:
   - Enter yes

## How it works

> The pattern creates an API Gateway endpoint that accepts POST requests containing prompts. These requests are forwarded to a Lambda function that processes the input and interacts with Amazon Bedrock's Nova Micro model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The pattern creates an API Gateway endpoint that accepts POST requests containing prompts. These requests are forwarded to a Lambda function which processes the input and interacts with Amazon Bedrock's Nova Micro model.
```
